Neck pain.
It's ruining my life.
It started with an annoying stiffness and tension in my neck, 
and I didn't think anything of it.
But I really should have paid attention to it, 
because neck pain is a degenerative condition 
that can quickly spiral out of control when left untreated.
Over 80% of the population 
experience neck pain at some point during their lifetime.
But to my surprise, it doesn't matter if you're inactive, 
overweight, 
or even have medical conditions.
You see, I was shocked when I discovered 
that the root cause of this pain isn't actually poor posture 
like many people think.
While poor posture, such as sitting at a desk 
or using a phone for extended periods, 
can contribute to neck pain, 
it's often a result of the underlying issues it causes, 
such as compressed discs and nerve damage.
Over time, these factors can lead to more severe problems.
It's why protruding your head forward 
leads to those terrible radiating pains down your arms and shoulders.
It's also why I felt the worst pain in the morning, just after getting out of bed, 
as these are times when the discs are most compressed, 
leading to those awful migraines and tension headaches flaring up.
But that's not even the scariest part.
If left untreated, 
neck pain can progress to a point where you experience numbness, 
indicating potential nerve damage 
that could significantly impact your quality of life.
Panicked, I tried the obvious solutions, 
painkillers, 
physiotherapy, 
massages, 
steroids and the like.
But none of them helped for more than a moment.
A recent study published in the Journal of Pain Research in 2024 
suggests that long-term use of painkillers for chronic neck pain 
may actually worsen the condition by masking the underlying issues 
and allowing them to progress unchecked.
They just cover up the pain like a bandage 
while the discs continue to rapidly deteriorate 
as they are starved of the oxygen and nutrients they need.
Apparently, this was putting me at risk of having my neck permanently damaged 
as the nerves were undergoing accelerated nerve death.
Additionally, my doctor cautioned that due to my specific condition, 
which involved compressed discs 
and nerve damage, 
the use of steroids could potentially exacerbate the problem in the long run.
And to make things worse, my doctor warned me 
that if my cervical nerves reached a stage called complete nerve death, 
there would be no turning back.
The only relief I felt was from physiotherapist massages, 
but only while I was in session.
A few moments after the session ends, 
the pain comes rushing back as the discs compress once again.
So I had to find a new solution.
That's when my friend, a physician at our local hospital, 
told me something he shouldn't have told me.
But he knew just how much pain I was in.
He mentioned that many of his patients 
had found relief using a brand new neck stretcher, 
reporting better results than with the painkillers typically prescribed by the NHS.
As soon as he told me this, I knew I had to find what he was talking about.
And after frantically searching online for hours, 
I finally found the UK medical startup that makes it.